there has been a gigantic influx of
information on something in see Tom and
it's very late for me right now but it's
so important I had to make a video to
show you it turns out that what the
Bellman's chart shows is it shows deep
sea ocean currents and so basically it
says that on these specific times of day
in these certain places just junk from
rapture will be carried by these deep
sea currents to these locations and so
Meltzer had all had all of his contacts
like like is adorned in men and all
those people and they went to these
places at these times and he said send
me what you find and that day was August
eighth and the day I'm recording it is
August 10th right now and finally some
of the things have appeared and here's
the first one welcome to rapture poster
second one is a this is an ad for a
target dummy shows how I this guy is
using it to go on a date with three
women at once and this here's and early
added for electro bolt so it's basically
at this point fairly clear what's going
to happen next meltzer is going to find
rapture I mean he he has the frozen
triangle he he knows everything is
coming from the sea even has ads for
plasmids and he's tied in all these
things with Ryan because we have down
here is a is an article from flan
McDonough who you might remember as the
via son of bill McDonagh Ryan's a
general contractor and he says that not
the best and brightest were taken in the
vanishing but also the people who you
know we're just average and these are
like the average splicers people who
just came there as sort of like you know
students or disciples of Andrew Ryan
subjectivism and so basically
this article ties the vanished into
Andrew Ryan and these ads the new
plasmid from Ryan industries ties them
into rapture and rapture ties into lot
wedge and let which and rapture tie into
the little girl's disappearance so this
is a gigantic break this is very
important